Scale down keycloak and delete the ingress object ahead the upgrade (#156)
projectsyn/component-keycloak: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/upgrade-8.x-to-9.x.adoc

=== Apply the deployment

. Disable the automated sync policy for the keycloak instance

> . Scale down the existing keycloak to prevent the Wildfly based instance can write to the same database:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Scale down the existing keycloak to prevent the Wildfly based instance writing to the same database:
```

+
[source,bash]
----
kubectl -n syn-keycloak scale statefulset keycloak --replicas=0
----

. Delete the ingress object to prevent duplicate hostname issues seen on the OpenShift router:
+
[source,bash]
----

> kubectl -n syn-keycloak-prod delete ingress keycloak

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl -n syn-keycloak delete ingress keycloak
```
